Felly roeddech chi'n gwybod ein hunain yn yr ystafell. Roeddech chi'n gwneud ymddygiadau ddod yn yr ystafell hefyd?
Rwy'n credu bod yn gwneud gwasanaeth cymorth yn yr ystafell.
Pan oedd yn gwybod eich hunain?
Rwy'n credu.
Roeddech chi'n gwneud ymddygiad ddod?
Ymddygiad ddod a chyfnogiadau ddod, sydd wedi cael fy nghefnogiadau ddod.
Rwy'n credu.
Beth sy'n gwneud i chi ffrindiau ddod?
Er, nid yw'n siwr y gallwn ni mynd i'r holl ystafell. Nid yw'n siwr.
Beth sy'n gwybod am ymddygiad?
Mae'n dda iawn iawn.
Rwy'n gwybod am ymddygiad ddod.
Why did you want to live with him? What was it about?
I don't, I don't, I'm not sure.
How about you Stephen?
Well just companionship. It's a friend to get out and about and go on holidays and meet other people.
They help me to show it out. Linda's good on advice, she's really sensible so 50-50 help me to show it out, different ways.
How does Stephen help you?
He helps me with my money if I've got any problems he tries to help me with them.
And he's pretty good.
Are there any other things that he does to help you?
He's seen going out and shopping and going out and about.
What do you like to do together? What do you enjoy doing together?
We like going out with our friends on a Saturday.
And we go to Cwrn Bran and we go to the pub.
And we go to the pub.
We like going out with our friends on a Saturday.
And we go to Cwrn Bran.
We go to Cwrn Bran and places like that.
And we go on holiday together don't we?
Yeah, being at the corner in Ooki.
Ooki Cornwell.
Being at the Cribbs Causeway.
Yeah.
And where do you stay when you go to other places?
Good old town.
Old town.
Old town yeah.
And we enjoy it. It's really nice.
And you travelled down together?
Yeah.
And how did you get there?
Best coach.
Coach.
Best Edmonds travel.
So we get the cart.
Logging is located in Blackwood.
Running Cardiff and he was running Newport.
And then we get to find out when the times the best suit us.
And I was going to take him to Jersey.
He should never have been there.
I'd been at the Jersey Channel Islands.
But we were going to go by plane.
But my brother said she's a bit overweight.
He wouldn't let her fly out the Canada.
And I was going to go take Linda if that was stopped.
Why not?
Because of the weak situation.
So who set that fact away?
My brother.
Your brother?
Oh my.
And are there other things that your brother sort of suggest you should and shouldn't do?
I'm not sure.
And when you go on holiday together what kind of things do you do?
We like shopping.
Shopping.
Things like that.
Yeah.
He likes his swimming.
Yeah, go and have a swim in the old town.